Greetings, everyone.
Here, in this section,
we're gonna go over levels of abstraction.
So what's a level of abstraction?
>> So levels of abstraction is
a very important concept, and
it's basically everything that happens
from the circuit logic level on
the hardware to all the way to
the software in high-level programming.
So let's just do a quick run-through of
everything that is part of the levels
of abstraction,
and we'll touch open everything we've
talked before in the previous videos.
So, at the very top, we see Perl,
Python, Shell, Java.
Those are examples of
high-level programming.
That means it's easy to use,
very high-level, but at the same time,
you can't really get into the machine
code, the nitty-gritty stuff.
And then next, we have C and C++,
those are considered middle and high-level
programming, and those give you a little
bit more control over the hardware.
And the next thing we have
is assembly language.
In assembly language, the whole field
changes, so that's the big thing there.
>> Right.
>> You no longer see brackets,
you no longer see straight words or
anything, you just see commands,
commands and registers.
That's all machine language.
Next thing we have there is machine code.
Machine code will be stuff like
hexadecimal or different type of
representations, and it'll be
closer to the logic circuit there.
And then at the very low level there,
we have binary code.
That's the lowest level you can get there,
and that's basically-
>> Just a bunch of ones and zeroes.
And that's exactly what'll
be going in to the hardware.
>> Right,
that's what your computer will read and
process-
>> Yeah.
>> To execute your instructions.
>> On the hardware, you'll have a bunch of
circuits and transistors, and the ones and
the zeroes will be decoded by the circuit,
and it'll perform tasks for you.
>> Yeah, whatever you told it to do.
With that, that concludes this lesson,
and we'll see you guys next time.